Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. It's Diana and Brandon again, and
we're blessed to be here. We're excited
you're here and that you clicked on our
video. We have some things we want to
say that we feel the Lord has told
us. You know, there are a lot of
people emailing Diana,
and I don't know what the comment
section's saying anymore. Braden's been
so busy at school. I told him,
'Well, let's put all this fear to
rest. What's going on with
the economy?'Brandon, what do you
see coming? I told you, the
Lord told me that we had a window. Now,
what I saw in church tonight will
help you. The Lord told me
that
the darkness and all the turbulence
that was trying to come on—if
Kamala
Harris would have
won—does
it really have to do with
politics? Yes, because as the head of
the nation goes, so all of it goes,
like an umbrella
over
everybody. You know how
they say trash rolls downhill? That's
what happens. And I believe by us
bringing in Trump, it gave us a window
of opportunity. The Lord told me from
October, when we started praying,
that the prayers of the people
delayed things. It gave us a window.
Now, what are we experiencing
right now? Every day, the stock
market
goes way down because of the tariffs and
the tariff war that I told you was
coming. We see all these things
happening, and we never
know. You turn on the news and you don't
know what tomorrow's going to bring.
You just never know
when you go to bed at night if it's
going to be up or down.
It's just like the Lord told us; He said
there would be days of great
shakeouts. I took that as meaning
there would
be days
that are very down. He told
me that you would see
the elite people trying to cause
the domino of the United States
dollar to fall quickly. They wanted to
eliminate it. I'm telling you, the
globalists
have
another plan, and that is a
one-world
system. Everybody's sending me
emails also to Diana about this
new guy calling himself the Antichrist,
the Mahdi. They're like, 'Brandon, is
this who you
saw?'I
believe it's just like what
Jesus said: there will be many false Christs
and
many false people
claiming they are the Messiah, that
they are the new Mahdi. I believe
this is a representation of what
Jesus told us was coming. Do I believe
it's this man? No, I do not. I believe
he is a birthing pain.
I want you to hear me.
I believe this man that's claiming
he is the Messiah, wearing all
black and
getting all this attention on
the internet
right now, is a birthing
pain. He is the beginning of many that
will come out in the days ahead saying,
'I'm the man,'just like Hitler.
I don't know what kind of power
this man will have, but I believe it's
just another sign that we're in the
last of the last days, folks. The Pope
died. We have Klaus Schwab resigning all
within the last week and a half. Then we
see the economy and all the stuff going
on within the week prior with
Trump and at the
beginning of April with the tariff
wars—I
believe that was the third when all
that went into play. So, bottom
line, this is where I'm at with
it. The Lord told me, 'Braden,
I saw—this
is what I saw.'As I was
praying over the economy and
things tonight about this video,
I
said, 'Lord,
where are we? What are you
wanting to say to the body right
now?'I
saw a turbulent black cloud, like a
very dark storm that was above our
atmosphere on our horizon.
And as the body of Christ
prayed, this window of time
that the Lord is wanting to give
us, I saw a parting of that time, a
window. And the Lord said, 'Brandon, I
didn't say a door.'He said, 'I want you
to pay attention to what I say. I did
not say I was giving you a door; I said a
window of opportunity.'Now, a window
is not that
big;
it's a small window.
In that window, I saw a beautiful
green meadow for the body of Christ
with
daisy flowers coming up in it. All
the green grass was there. And the Lord
told me, 'I told you there
would be days of great fun,
Brandon.'As
the body of
Christ, if we take authority over this
time, what is trying to come right now is
Braxton Hicks. He said what you're seeing
right now is Braxton Hicks, false
labor pains. All this is going on
as
false labor pains. He wants to give us a
window of opportunity for a great wealth
transfer, for the wealth of the
wicked laid up for the righteous, and
for
the harvest of souls. A major revival is
about to come on the
scene. How big is a window? Well, I
don't know, because I was
asking,
'Lord, are you saying a year?
A month? Two
years?'Instantaneously
you're trying to make
sense of what you're seeing in the
spirit. When He's talking about a window,
He says, 'This isn't a door.'And I'm
like, 'Okay, so what is a door? How long
is
a door? Ten years? Twenty years? How
big is a window for you,
Lord?'So,
it's just praying into it and asking
the Lord what He's trying to say
right now. I don't want to
add to or take away from anything
He's saying. I see in
part and I hear in part. So, I see the Trump
bulldozer
storm still up here, but as we
prayed, it parted and
dissipated like how
Moses split the Red Sea in the
movie The Ten Commandments. It
gave them an opportunity to walk
across.
I'm saying God is giving us a window.
As we see all these things with the
stock market going up and down,
the
Lord told me,
'Brandon, Trump is a
bulldozer.'He's
like
the big watchdog, the big bulldog in the
corner. He's not used to
losing. He doesn't want to be a loser,
and he doesn't want to be known as the
president that took down the United
States of America. I
don't want to say he's a man of great
pride, but he is a man of great
excellence. That's probably a better
word because I don't want to come
across disrespectful, but
he's successful. People
would say confidence is pride, but he has a
lot of confidence. He's not going to
be a man that wants to go down saying,
'I
was the
wrecking ball of the United States
currency and economy,'so everybody pins it on him that he was the loser instead of Joe Biden. He's really trying to salvage a United States
of America that
is 36 trillion dollars in the
hole. How do you turn a Titanic?
Basically, it is a Titanic. It's
sinking, folks.
There are no ifs, ands, or buts about it;
the ship is sinking and we
just
borrow
and borrow. It's like trying to live off
credit cards.
You're the
multi-billionaire that has lost their
income and is basically ready to file
bankruptcy, but you have all this stuff
going on pretending
you've
still got it. You
keep
charging everyone's credit cards
and
borrowing from the bank
saying, 'Hey, do you remember who I
was?'That's
who
the
United States is.
You've got 36 trillion in the hole.
The world's economy is shaking around
you. From China to Japan, all the stock
markets reflect everything that's going
on. And everybody's like, "We should
jump ship and go with the BRICS. We
should because they're trying to come up
with a solution to the madness."And what's the solution to the madness?
The solution to the madness
is
a
one-world
order, a one-world currency, bringing
forth a digital platform. And as I
watched videos about crypto and what's
going on with laying a
foundation—like
I told you in February, we're laying a
foundation, folks—they're bringing it
out of the wild, wild west, and it will
fall like stars. All the things that
I've warned you about, what the Lord
said would come to pass, I believe
they're working on it. How long does
that take? I don't know. But writing
laws and getting things passed is like
pulling teeth. So, you've got a new
head of the
SEC
who
says, "I'm pro-crypto. I want to do all
these things."And we see these things
trying to come to pass where
they're trying to lay a foundation. And
they go, "Well, this is taking too long.
You said the stock market was going to
do this to start."Folks, he hasn't been
in office for like a hundred days or so.
So, we're expecting something
that's been going down the same path for
almost a hundred years to flip in just a
couple days. Well, I'm getting
impatient. You said a wealth transfer
was coming. Folks, we got to be patient.
I believe it's just hearing His
voice. Just like I warned you that a
rocket ship was going to take off in
January and that we would see a great
rocket ship take off. We saw Bitcoin hit
all-time highs in January and XRP went
from 40-some cents to like $3 and
something. That's a miracle in
itself—something
that had been stagnant for
like seven years. Since the
lawsuit, the SEC, all the things that
are happening, we see the ball rolling
going toward the end times. But people
want it in a microwave.
Well, if I don't have it in
the microwave, then
I don't want
one of those little slow cookers.
I don't like a slow cooker; I want a
microwave. And trust me, I do, too.
I want a microwave. Everybody wants a
microwave, but most people are not going
to get that. So, as
we see these things happening, we
need to know that God's saying, "I want
to give you a window."And the economy
in the natural—I believe we're still on
course for a major 1930s-style crash. A
major crash.
That's what has to happen to introduce
this other stuff. Now, how do we get
there? I told you the plagues. I've told
you all these things. But how big is
this window that God's wanting to give
us? That's what we're praying over right
now: that the wealth of the sinner would
be laid up for the righteous. Do I think
we're in that timeframe right now for a
great economic crisis? No, I'm
believing God that we're not. I'm
believing God we'll have a window just
like He's telling me. Stir me up in
church tonight! Believe Me for big.
Believe Me for more—more than enough.
Believe Me for exceedingly abundantly
above all that you dare ask or think
with the opportunity having Trump behind
the wheel. What will happen in this
first year of his presidency going into
the fall? I'm telling you, I've seen
into the fall and I'm telling you, the
Lord spoke to me again and He said,
"Days of great fun are upon
you."And
the people are coming in hot, folks.
Do we have our
catchers'nets
ready? What's going to cause these
people to come in and get excited about
what's about to take place? We're seeing
a false antichrist come on the scene
now. This new guy, who is this? I'm
like, "Wow, isn't this
amazing?"You
should be so excited
right now, more, not fearful. I mean, I
understand if you're going horizontal
and you're looking at everything right
now, it could freak you out.
I'd be like, "Diana, if I didn't know the
Lord right now, I'd be really starting
to look and seek and go, 'Okay, I
remember some of this stuff talked about
at church or whatever.'"Maybe if they
went a little bit—maybe they're just
totally ignorant—but they're still
going to be looking. What are they going
to be getting whenever they come to
church? Are they going to get some
dried-up
lukewarm gospel that is not on fire,
that you get in there and you go, "Oh,
well that was really boring"? No.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord
first. And I believe what we're seeing
right now is a shaking of the church
getting ready, because what we're seeing
is judgment begins in the house of the
Lord first. So we have to see the church
getting cleaned up first before we get
the new wine and the new
wineskin,
before we see the great shaking of the
world. The church has to be ready, filled
with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, so
that when we are, we're not just
like
them. We need to be ready before the
big shaking
comes. So we're
seeing traction, contractions. We're
seeing the contractions. We're seeing
the Braxton Hicks. We're seeing false
labor pains. We're seeing those things
with the economy; it's happening right
before our
face. What are you doing to prepare? And
the Lord
said, "In seasons of
dryness,"He
brought this up. He said, "The
taproot goes even deeper looking for
water."It
goes deeper looking for
water. Do not become
complacent in these times ahead. The
Lord told me—He spoke that to me
directly. He said, "Do not become
complacent when I take you to certain
levels with finances with what I've told
you. Do not become complacent with
it,"because
that's what people have a
tendency to do. He told me, He said,
"Just like how you do every single day,
praying
for eBay auctions
to sell, praying for what I've given you
to sell, going in and seeking Me because
you're desperate to pay your bills. When
the blessing comes, when the
supernatural overflow comes, do not
become complacent with what I've given
you and go, 'Well, I don't have to seek
Him anymore because I have surplus in my
bank
account.'"Well,
you know, "God, thank
you. Bye."You know, there's a lot of
people whenever times are good, you
kind of disappear from the action, don't
they, hun? Yes. And then whenever times
are bad, then that's the only time that
they want to reach out to and
pray, or when they want to seek Him is
whenever times are bad. So we have to
not, like He's saying, become
complacent and well-doing, and continue
to seek His face daily, sit at His feet
and lay our head on His
chest and feel His heartbeat of what
He's saying today—staying in
sync, like what He's told me numerous
times: stay in sync with Me. So staying
in sync with Him and staying in step
with Him daily,
because
most people only come to prayer
when they need something.
And
the army of God shouldn't look
defeated, where your armor
is all tarnished. You're going in there
and you're going, "I'm on my last leg,
but I'm coming to
prayer."And
you may have the elderly
people with the gray hair, and they come
in there and they're the
people who are—you know, you don't have
the young people until they've had a bad
diagnosis, they need a bill paid, or
they're seeking God because they're
desperate. And that's what He told me.
He
said, "Remember these times when you're
believing Me for something to sell on
eBay, that whenever you get the surplus
of what I'm talking about—the remnant,
the surplus comes in your bank account
and that desperation is not
there—don't
camp there. Don't camp there. Don't camp
at the blessing. Keep going. Be that
taproot
that goes straight down.
Whenever there's
dryness, you keep going; I'm going to
search for water. It's the stability of
the plant.
I'm going down to the depth and I'm
going to find it, even whenever you have
a surplus and you go, 'Well, I don't
have to have all this anymore. I
don't have to seek Him like I used to
for my bills. I don't have to believe
like I used to for this.'"There
are
some of you multi-millionaires
watching this video
who
can't relate because you
already
have a surplus. But
when you're in a place of
desperation—if
I don't have this
next $100 to pay my electric bill next
week, they're going to cut my power
off—if
you have a surplus, you
probably can't relate to what I'm
talking about. It could even be
the
salvation of loved ones.
You're desperate; you need
your
husband, wife, or grandchildren saved.
Then when you get that, you say, 'Well,
I'm done. I don't have to believe
anymore.'No.
That's
where the Lord said, 'Do not camp and do
not get familiar with the healings that
are about to take place, the dead being
raised.'How
could I
ever become familiar with the dead being
raised?
Brandon, I'm telling you,
we've never seen what we're about to
see.
For no eye has seen, nor ear
heard, nor entered into the heart of man
what God has in store for those who fear
Him and love Him.
What God has prepared for you, ladies—Don't become
the lepers—and
gentlemen, in these days ahead is
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think.
The Spirit of the Lord told me
tonight, 'Do not become complacent with
what I'm about to do and the blessing
that is about to come on you as you see
your victory.'As you see your
victory, I heard this right then: 'Don't
become the lepers.'There were ten that got
healed; one came back and nine
left. Nine lepers didn't give Jesus the
praise for the miracle they
received. Don't be like them.
Don't become complacent
when you get your breakthrough and God
shows up and shows off in your life and
you say, 'Well, I got it. Thank you,
Lord. Hallelujah.'Give a couple of Holy
Ghost shakes and a 'woohoo,'then bye—'I'm going
to the beach.'Don't be the nine. Be the
one. Just like He
leaves the ninety-nine to go
after the one, be the
one who always gives God
praise regardless of the surplus in your
bank account or what happens in your
life. Don't be the
nine and say, 'I'm
complacent. I don't have to press
in as hard as I used to.'Because the Lord
told me, 'Brandon, there's great
opportunity in the days ahead, but many
of my people will become complacent with
the miracles that you're about to see.
You will take it for granted just like
you do everything else.'We all do.
You
got that raise
a year ago, and
at
the
time it was everything you could
ask or think because
it made
everything so much easier. But you
grew to eat that
up; your tent enlarged, and now
that extra blessing is no longer
a miracle;
it's
expected.
You've
become
accustomed to it and feel entitled
to
it. How much more is God about to do for
you? I
saw green grass, daisies,
and
a fresh stream of water. I saw the
blue sky and the black coming up above.
The Lord told me, 'I'm giving you a
window. Take authority over the economy
and over what's going on right now and
get your
window.'If
you don't, the enemy is
pushing forth the end times.
He would love
to see everything fall very quickly.
I told you in the last video, I
wondered,
'Why are we delaying
the inevitable? Why are we delaying the
inevitable?'I
felt like that
because I get tired.
I thought, 'Why don't we just let
it happen?
Why are we delaying the
inevitable?'And
the Holy Spirit
rebuked
me:
'Brandon, I never gave you the
armor to retreat.
Stop being a baby. Yes, this stuff's
coming, but I want you to go
victorious.'He
never designed us to
be
wimps. That's why we fight,
take dominion, and take our
authority.
It's not about throwing up your hands and
saying,
'Well, I'll take my armor off, I don't care
anymore,
God.'There
are
some days I'm just like,
'Why do we even care?
Why not just let it
come?'But
the Lord said, 'Brandon, you fight
the good fight of
faith.'It's
a fixed fight because
we
already
won. People ask me where the economy is
at and what's going on. I'm
believing
for a window. I don't believe
the crash is supposed to happen yet.
We see it starting
to happen, then it goes back up. Do not invest or divest based on any prophetic word. You
need to hear God for yourself. You might say, 'I got
out
of the stock market because you
said
a major crash was coming,'but I told you a
window of opportunity was coming. And you
are impatient with the zigs
and zags,
the ups and downs.
I never said to
do anything. I told you to hear the
voice of the Lord for yourself.
If you're not hearing Him, get
off your iPhone for a couple of days,
stop
looking at Facebook or
Instagram, and read your
Bible and pray in tongues or
fast.
Seek Him, and He will tell you
what to do with your finances.
Brandon is not a financial adviser. My
gift is
a watchman gift. I look out
on the horizon telling you
things to pray about.
I
have
to listen for myself. I
ask
Diana, 'What do you feel? When's the
timing of
this?'Because
if you go too early or
too late,
you lose money.
You have
to be right on time. I don't want
to be on the roller coaster. I want to
be
in sync with the
Lord. Some people get mad
and
say,
'It's too scary for
me.'Yes,
it is. When
people
lost trillions of
dollars recently,
if they
had
cashed out right then,
they'd be bankrupt. But then a couple
days later, it shot up, and
they
got
their
money back. It's all about
staying in sync with Him.
Now, I believe there will be a day
when
this thing goes to a
1929-style
crash. When does that happen? When is
the
window? That's what
you have to ask yourself.
How long is the window? Is
Brandon hearing right? Do I feel there's
a window? Because I could be
totally off.
I could totally be off. I'm just telling
you what I feel. This is all my opinion.
What I feel the Holy Spirit has
said. So you have to hear the voice of
the Lord for yourself. Is there a
window, Lord? Is Brandon hearing that
right? Cuz if it isn't and there's a
1930 style crash tomorrow, then you can
say, "Well, he was off and we lost
everything."No.
Follow the voice of God
for yourself. I'm just here for helping
you pray through things and see what the
Lord says.
I'm curious about what
you feel. Comment down below. Do
you feel that there's a crash coming?
Type one if you think the sky
is falling and
everything's going to crash. There's
no hope. 1930s is coming tomorrow within
the next year. Whatever. Type two. If
you say the thing's going to go all up
and there's never going to be a crash,
America's going to be great again, we're
never going to see anything, and the end
times is just way off in
the distant future. I mean, way off in
the far future, far away. We got
the tribulation's probably another
30 years from now,
brother.
Or type three. If you think we have a
window, I'm curious of where y'all are.
I really am. Please, if you're
listening to this and you have a
means to say this, please tell me where
you are right now. One, two, or three.
Which one are
you? I think it's interesting because
I'm really curious. Where is everybody
at? Do we have a window or is this thing
going to never end? Trump's going to
make everything great again. It's never
going to be bad ever again. Just
curious. All right.
People say, "Where do you have,
Brandon, that you believe we
can?"Prayer
changes things. King Hezekiah, it's
beautiful. Elijah came in and said, "You're
going to die. You're
done."He
walks out of the room. King
Hezekiah repented of all the stupid that
he had done.
On the way out the door
of
the courtyard, the Lord
spoke to him and said, "Go back and tell
him he has 15
years."Within
seconds of change and repentance of a
heart, the heart reflected
repentance and change. And he said, "Go
tell him he has 15
years."Look
how much more we have in a
new covenant that we can pray and ask.
Abraham, another prayer example for all
the people who say, "Well, prayer
doesn't change things."Abraham said,
"If there be 50 righteous, Lord, would
you spare Sodom and
Gomorrah?"God
was willing to do it for
50. He went all the way down, kept going
back and forth because Abraham was like,
"You know, I probably should push this
number a little bit more."There was a
negotiation there.
How much more Abraham was able to
negotiate and pray in behalf of Sodom
and Gomorrah. And they were bad. And God
was willing to do it and said,
"Yes."But
there was a prayer of negotiation
there. There was a communion, a
friendship. We can pray to change
things. God, how big is the window for
America?
How much more if we humble ourselves and
pray and turn from our wicked ways,
Lord, as a remnant, will you give us a
window of opportunity for wealth
transfer to get the righteous in? He
said, "Brandon, because the prayers of
the saints in October, I'm giving you a
window."That's
intercession, folks.
That's like
Abraham. The judgment's still coming.
The crash is still coming. But I'm
giving you a window because you prayed
like Abraham
prayed, like King Hezekiah prayed. I'm
giving you a window of opportunity is
what he told me. What are we going to do
with the window is what he said. What
are you going to do with the window?
What are you going to do with this
extra time I've given you? You
do what you want to do with it. I know
what I'm going to do. I'm going to seek
and I'm going to make my taproot go as
far down deep into that living water.
I'm not going to let myself go dry. I'm
going to live and flourish. I'm going to
flourish. I'm going to plant myself next
to that living river of water. All right.
So, we're going to go
right to prayer. I have the prayer
already pre-recorded from this. So, go
into this prayer. It's anointed. I'm
telling you, I saw things in the spirit
of what's coming for Canada and
China, a window of opportunity.
What you're about to hear is from two or
three days ago because I didn't feel
peace about releasing that video. So,
you're about to hear the prayer that
came out of that video right now. Enjoy.
Communion.
Let's take communion together. My
favorite part, the whole thing about
doing this is my excitement to do
communion with y'all. And let's do
communion and thank him for what
he's about to do in this earth and that
we're on the right side of
it. That our
houses are ready and we're listening to
him. That we're an army for the mighty
living God. God is a God that is alive
and he is living on the inside of you
and me. And when we move, he moves. When
we go, he goes. He's waiting on us to
take the gospel throughout the world.
He's waiting on you. God is depending on
you, ladies and gentlemen, to just say
yes. And who will say yes to him? Who
will be on the Lord's side today with
him? And say yes, Lord. Send me into the
world and I will change the nations for
you, through you, with you. Us
together. You're the potter. I'm the
clay. Mold me. But I want to deflect it
to him. It's all about him. That's where
I'm at. It's about you. Less of me. None
of me. All of you. Father. I thank you,
Lord, for your body. I thank you, Lord,
that you were wounded for us. You were
bruised for us. You
took it all for us. Wounded for our
transgression. You were bruised for our
iniquities. The chastisement of our
peace was upon you. And with your
stripes, we're healed. And we take this
body right now in the name of Jesus. And
we thank you, Lord, that by your
stripes, we're healed. And we will not
have to suffer with sickness and
disease, infirmity anymore because you
paid the price for us to walk in
victory. And we take this body right now
in
Jesus'name.
Now Lord, we plead the blood and we
apply the blood. We make much of the
blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood of
Jesus Christ. We thank you, Lord, for the
anointing of the Holy Ghost that sets us
free. And we plead the blood over our
minds. We plead the blood over our
bodies. We thank you, Lord, that no weapon
formed against us will prosper. And
every tongue that rises against us, we
condemn it. You will not
bear fruit on us. And we thank you,
Lord, in Jesus'name for the
blood. Thank you,
Lord. I'm so
grateful. I'm so grateful,
Father. I'm so grateful, Father, for all
that you've
done. I'm so grateful, Father, for all
that you've done for me.
We stand at the door, Father, and we're
knocking. Send us,
Lord. That's very interesting. I just
saw a vision of a major castle
door, and it was
designed with all kinds of detail in
this stone. And there was lights at the
top of it that were carved out of the
stone. And it was in this. And I saw a
drawbridge across it. And we were
knocking on a major castle door, but it
was like it was platinum. And it was
beautiful what I just saw when I was
just taking
communion. Had all kinds of beautiful
writing in this door. It was beautiful
and it was a
castle. Thank you,
Father. I stand at the door and I knock.
We knock. We knock. We
knock. We stand at the door and we
knock,
Lord. Will you let us
in? Oh, Lord. We come boldly to your
throne,
Lord. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you're standing at the door and you're
knocking on my heart right now and you
say, "Will you let me
in?"Thank
you,
Father. Thank you, Lord. Will you come
in, Lord? I thank
you,
Lord,
for
the door is opening unto us. A new way of
thinking, a new way of doing things, a
new way of coming up higher with the
fire. Glory to God. We worship You,
O
Holy One. We worship You, for the Lord is
good and His mercy endures forever.
First the
blade, then the ear, then the full
manifestation of the glory
upon the land today.
There will be a great glory flow.
It will come to the
ankles, to the knees, to
the waist-deep,
and it will go all the way over
your head. For the glory of the Lord
will come in stages.
I
see it
like water coming in
like a flow that's deeper.
As it comes like a mighty wave, a
mighty rushing wind, it will
go up higher and higher like the
tide.
As you seek Him, you'll find Him. As you
knock, the door will be open unto you.
For the castle is Me, and if
you knock, I will open the door unto you.
You seek Me and you will find Me.
China—that's
interesting. I just saw a stone
dragon.
The dragon represents the
Chinese. I
saw it
over
China. But as you see the economy
crumble
for China, there is a
pride that has set in.
You will see the
Iron
Curtain being
pulled back because of
lack. And in this, a mighty rushing wind
will come
into
the economy. You will see things
come
out of
pride. Xi Jinping, this man, is full of pride.
And as the pride sets in with the theaters of
war, it is
My hand that will move.
I see a
depression
over China.
A depression causes the
Iron Curtain to be lifted. For in this, a
mighty wave comes through. It’s an open
door. An uprising will take place
in the days ahead,
even in Canada,
because of the economy and the
government. You’ll see people that are
fed up
with
the decisions that have been
made. It will be obvious.
An uprising,
a demanding of change
in the
circumstances;
people like lynch mobs
with
pitchforks and torches,
demanding
change.
Remember what I told you about the
sooners.
South Korea and Japan are the
And you'll see British Columbia, the
sooners, as things crumble
and
change around them,
they will try to break off.
I see a
highway going through there,
all the way
up to
Alaska, all red.
I see the people crying
all across the land,
but they're not crying tears of
sorrow;
they're crying tears of repentance,
crying out to
the Lord. For there's a great humbling
coming,
all the way from the Atlantic to
the Pacific.
The righteous will rise up.
He's given us a window
of
time. Many of
you are not ready.
You’ll
see in the days ahead great
birthing pains.
For
the very earth itself will start to
shake.
Contractions
will be happening in the earth. Great
earthquakes.
As relief points, volcanoes
will go
as exit points for what's
happening in the earth's
crust. I see contractions; remember
these
contractions.
Look,
I see Alaska.
And a great earthquake in Seattle,
all the way up to British
Columbia.
They
try
to
manipulate
coastal
cities
clear into Russia.
The very thing they are trying to
manipulate
will be
their
demise. You'll see an uprising in China, in Asia, and
in Australia. I
see an uprising in
Queensland. Little fires
in Queensland,
Australia.
China's
getting
desperate out of pride. There is
a focus on
the upper portion towards
Russia.
Now I'm
seeing Rome
and
Italy.
You'll see
a
great shaking
in
Italy and
the
Roman
Catholic Church.
This will be the beginning of a
new era. A new
shaking I'm bringing
to the
Catholic Church;
a
revival breaking out
through
the young people. The
young people,
I see the young
coming up. Glory of the Lord
coming up in the Catholic Church;
I see it all in the Catholic Church: a
fresh fire in the youth.
The
youth
are
breaking away from old
traditions, bringing in new things.
The
glory is taking out all of it. This is
like
a well that is all stopped
up; this is a well that I would say
never had water in it. Never. But the Lord
is
going to bring
cistern
water, and
the youth are going to drink
from this. You're going to see this in
the days
ahead. A great shaking will take
place in the Catholic Church; that's
what we're seeing as of this last week.
It's the beginning.
Many
more will go home.
I call them, and they're going by the
graveside, a cleaning
of the house. It
is
almost like you see
a purging
come forth in the Catholic Church. His
heart
is the
harvest.
There are a lot of people going home.
For
the
priests, older priests—it
is
a cleansing of the
house and a new
generation: a new way of thinking, not
liberal. A stirring up of the youth.
Many people say, 'Where is the
promise of Thy
coming?'But
you will see one last
call: one last harvest of souls, one
last major move of My Spirit upon the
land. For I am in control of time; I am
in
control of that which you see.
He has one last call,
that not one should perish but all come
to repentance.
His heart is the harvest, and
in
the
Catholic Church, His heart is the
harvest. The young
generation is crying out
for
the
river, for the
manifestations of the
glory. They don't even know what
they're crying out
for;
they're searching.
He's cleaning out the
debris out of
the well. There's a great
well. And in this well, it's been
sealing
it
off. No one's getting out of that well.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to break
that well open, and there's going to
come a mighty rushing water out
of that
well.'You're
going to see it, and it will come
to pass at last. A great, mighty
move of My presence is coming, and a
mighty rushing wind
in the Catholic
Church. Many will try to put it out.
I see these old
men with red suits on;
they're like
Pharisees. They're going
home like this and like that,
for they've been standing in the
way of My move
today. Woe unto you that try to hold
Me back and won't let Me move
through. They'll be going,
but they're not coming up here of
Me. Oh, Braden,
he's warned, for a judgment will come.
Now
I see in these
areas He's been restrained.
He's not
allowed to flow in China, and
there's going to be an uprising
in
Canada and these places where
they've always said
the
government
is
trying to bully. But
you're going to see an uprising with the
people in the days
ahead. Out of pride, like Pharaoh
hardened
his
heart,
and out of the
stiff-neckedness
of Pharaoh, he would call down
another plague.
But it's ultimately to loosen the
curtain so that the people would be able
to go. Out
of this, you'll see a
liberation
come. I see a window, like
when
you pull a curtain
back and you're able to look
through it for a little bit. That window
was open for a season;
you could walk through it. It
was like being pulled back just for a
window of
time to do
what needed to be done.
Like when you
open a
crack—that's
all the Lord needs.
And in that crack, watch what
God's about to
do.
Remember that things are going to
look totally different. Even by this
time next year, you'll start to see
things, and the way things are on
this earth right now is going
to look so much different in 12
months. It's
going to change so quickly.
Great change is upon
us: change in churches, change in
nations, change in the way we do
things.
I hear the Holy
Ghost say there's a great metamorphosis
upon us
today.
I see Satan over
here, but God's above him
laughing. He sits in the throne room and
laughs at the devil and
his
plans. I see the Lord high and lifted up,
and He's laughing at the devil. He has
His wings spread out. He looks like the Led
Zeppelin
devil—that
angel on the cover
falling, like that Lucifer
thing.
And the devil is spread out over the
world, and God is up above
him laughing.
It's all about the
window. So many people are like,
'Oh, this has to happen
with this,'just like I told you about
the
Braxton Hicks
into the spring. It's not time
yet.
The forecast is
off.
We have a
window; we have much to do in this
window.
I told you these would be
days of fun. Days of
fun have just
begun in
this window.
Braxton
Hicks, you
see great change, my
glory. Get prepared for what's coming;
get your house in
order.
Focus on
today, but stop thinking that the
sky is
falling. This is a time of
fun and it's just begun.
I'm seeing over into years
right
now—2025.
This is a time of
fun,
things have just begun. A
transfer has begun. The
foundations of the transfer have begun.
Things
have begun. Do you
see a changing of the
tide because of the prayers? Because we
put Trump in, there is a changing of the tide.
In
2025, you'll thrive. It's time to change
this.
We have control. And He is laughing;
the devil's over there, but the Lord is up here,
and the Lord's just
laughing. Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost.
If it wasn't for
Trump getting into where he is right
now, the wealth transfer never would
have happened the way the Lord wanted it
to be.
The Democrats
would have tried to stop
this, but He moves through men. Remember
this. You'll be very grateful in the
days ahead for the things that will manifest
for you and me. Those who are
listening
will
be very grateful in
the days ahead. Great shakeouts are
happening right now,
but you better be
ready.
Braden, I see
it. God has a plan and it's much bigger
than what you all
realize. When the children of
Israel left Egypt, they left with the
gold and the silver. Remember
that;
there was no
feeble one among them. The glory of the Lord
is
coming on His bride, and there
will be no feeble ones
among
us. Remember this: I've seen that there
will
be church services
where
no sick people will be in there.
All will be healed.
And you'll say, 'How is that
possible?'Watch
what God is about to do, ladies
and gentlemen, in these last days. You
will see it. So, who are you
talking to? Who's your audience right
now? I'm talking to the church. Glory to
God. Hallelujah.
Thank you,
Lord, for all that You're doing
and
all that You're
going to do in these last days. And
thank you, Lord, that I get to be a part
of it.
He chose us for such a time as this,
ladies and
gentlemen. Well, if you're here for the
very first time, we appreciate you being
here. If you're still watching, I know
that's different for a lot of you
who
don't know anything about it, but that's
all right. Just keep sticking around
and we'll show you the way.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Click the notification bell, like the
video, comment something down below, and
we will see you again soon. Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and
we love you. God bless you all, and we
will see you again soon. Bye-bye.